Update points system (#666)
embeddings-benchmark/mteb: docs/mmteb/readme.md

| Contribution type   | Demand              | Points  | Description                                                                                                       |
| ------------------- | ------------------- | ------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | New dataset         | As many as possible | 2+bonus | The first dataset for a language x task gains 4 bonus points. If the number of new languages is >= 12 then contributors gains 50 points (12 * 4 + 2 = 48 + 2 = 50).|

Reviewer: wdyt?
```suggestion
| New dataset         | As many as possible | 2+bonus | The first dataset for a language x task gains 4 bonus points. If the number of new languages is >= 12 then points for that PR for a new dataset are capped at 50 (12 * 4 + 2 = 48 + 2 = 50).|
```
